Docs - Add CLI how tos (#393)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: documentation/docs/how_tos/cli/recover_seed_with_mnemonic.mdx

---

> description: Create a new BIP39 seed with an associated mnemonic phrase in the available languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Recover a BIP39 seed with an associated mnemonic phrase in the available languages.
```
